core: add command to check cluster health in dr (#57)
rook/kubectl-rook-ceph: README.md

    `[--alternate-image <alternate-image>]` : Start debugging a deployment with an optional alternative ceph container image
  - `stop  <deployment-name>` : Stop debugging a deployment

- `dr` :

>   - `health [ceph status args]`: Print the cluster connection status of peer cluster in mirroing enabled cluster. Optional accept ceph status args like `--debug-ms 1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `health [ceph status args]`: Print the cluster connection status of peer cluster in a mirroring-enabled cluster. Ceph status args can be optionally passed, such as to change the log level: `--debug-ms 1`.
```

Author: done

>   - `health [ceph status args]`: Print the cluster connection status of peer cluster in mirroing enabled cluster. Ceph status args can be optionally passed, such as to change the log level: `--debug-ms 1`..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `health [ceph status args]`: Print the cluster connection status of a peer cluster in a mirroring-enabled cluster. Ceph status args can be optionally passed, such as to change the log level: `--debug-ms 1`.
```

Author: changed
